Add serivce account requirement for tiflash pod while restore (#2651)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/grant-permissions-to-remote-storage.md

    Modify the value of `spec.tikv.serviceAccount` to `tidb-backup-manager`. After the TiKV Pod is restarted, check whether the Pod's `serviceAccountName` is changed.

>     If there are any Tiflash Pods, associate the `ServiceAccount` with it with the same method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. (Optional) If your cluster includes TiFlash Pods, repeat step 4 to associate the `ServiceAccount` with the TiFlash Pod.

    ```shell
    kubectl patch tc demo1 -n test1 --type merge -p '{"spec":{"tiflash":{"serviceAccount": "tidb-backup-manager"}}}'
    ```
```

>     If there are any Tiflash nodes, associate the `ServiceAccount` with it with the same method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If there are any Tiflash Pods, associate the `ServiceAccount` with it with the same method.
```
